Update feature-multifactor-unlock.md (#11706)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/feature-multifactor-unlock.md

## Configure unlock factors

> [!CAUTION]

> > On Windows 10 and Windows 11, when the [DontDisplayLastUserName](/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/interactive-logon-do-not-display-last-user-name) security policy is enabled, it is known to interfere with the ability to use multi factor unlock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On Windows 10 and Windows 11, when the [DontDisplayLastUserName](/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/interactive-logon-do-not-display-last-user-name) security policy is enabled, it is known to interfere with the ability to use multifactor unlock.
```

> > On Windows 10 and Windows 11, when the [DontDisplayLastUserName](/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/interactive-logon-do-not-display-last-user-name) security policy is enabled, it is known to interfere with the ability to use multi factor unlock.

Reviewer 2: The article applies to Win10/11 so we can remove the OS version here
```suggestion
> When the [DontDisplayLastUserName](/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/interactive-logon-do-not-display-last-user-name) security policy is enabled, it is known to interfere with the ability to use multi factor unlock.
```
